---
Layout: post
Title: A Manipulated Universe
Date: 2017-11-29 11:39:47 -0500
---

# Is God a Physical Entity Operating Up Above in an Unobservable Part of the Universe?


This isn't paranoia. This isn't a mockery of God or Religion. This is a completely valid question and line of thinking. If there is, in fact, an almighty God who does what everyone believes in and their unquestionable faith in what he does for them and their loved ones, is he a a 'he' or a binary physical entity operating up above in an unobservable part of the Universe, or just a spiritual presence that executes his plans and flows throughtout our world and Universe? I believe in God, I have faith. I believe that he has plans for me and my life, albeit the amount of time it's taking to see what those plans are is taking forever and I haven't seen any glimpse of any sort of master plan or anything yet, but I do believe that there is a God and that 'he' does have a plan for me. But I'm also a woman of science, evidence, and facts. Special Relativity states that nothing can move faster than a photon, many people misinterpret that to mean that the observable Universe must be 13.75 billion light years across; it's much larger.The Universe is about 13.8 billion years old, so any light we see has to have been travelling for 13.8 billion years or less - we call this the 'observable Universe' (that's the part of the Universe that's casually connected to us). However, the distance to the edge of the observable universe is about 46 billion light-years away because the universe is expanding all of the time. So more than just theoretically, there is a part of the Universe that light hasn't yet reached; a part of the Universe that isn't observable. Heaven could be real, it could be a real physical place up above, in a part of the Universe that is unobservable, where light can't reach. Heaven would obviously be the headquarters where the physical entity, God, operates and carries out his intricate plans for the entire population of Earth; using unimaginable technology and advanced equipment to execute his will. But take it a step farther. Beyond our observable universe, beyond 46 billion light-years away, what if there is another galaxy like the milky way that houses planets like our Solar System, that has at least one habitable planet like Earth where they have intelligent life form like us where they have the same God doing the same back-seat driving. And beyond that, another galaxy beyond that observable universe's, with the same things and so on, with just one physical entity known as God, operating in a physical place known as Heaven that could never be discovered. Am I crazy or insane? No, and you shouldn't throw those terms around loosely just because a person challenges your normal, conformist thinking. Am I weird? Bruh. Hell yea, fuck yea. Most definitely so; wouldn't have it any other way. I don't want to conform to the societal norms just to please everyone else, just to make them feel comfortable. What about me, what about my comfort? Who cares what society thinks? They'll criticize you anyway, so why not think way outside of the box? Walk a zig-zag line, but not if you're trying to pass a field sobriety test, okay?

